Tutorial overview (#167)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/guides/tutorial-overview-sdk-java.md

---
id: tutorial-overview-sdk-java
title: Tutorials for the SAP Cloud SDK for Java
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_label: Tutorials Overview
description: This document will give you an overview of the different tutorials for the SAP Cloud SDK for Java.
---

> This document gives you an overview of which tutorials, tutorial groups and tutorial missions are available for the SAP Cloud SDK for Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give you a quick and easy start into developing with Cloud SDK for Java we created a set of comprehensive tutorials split into missions and groups for a convenient learning path. They'll help you kick-start your project and get you up to speed with the most frequent use-cases and valuable features of the SDK.
```

## Tutorial Overview

> Tutorials can be grouped. A group is a series of individual tutorials. A mission consists of groups and/or individual tutorials. In this way you can carry out a more extensive and meaningful task.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tutorials can be grouped. A group is a series of individual tutorials. A mission consists of groups and/or individual tutorials. In this way, you can carry out more extensive and meaningful learning experience. We recommend creating an account to keep track of your progress.

```

### Missions

Missions are the first point of contact if you want to familiarize yourself with the SAP Cloud SDK for Java and want to achieve certain goals.

[Create a Cloud Foundry App Using SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/mission.cloudsdk-cf-app.html)

### Groups

Groups are a collection of topic-based tutorials.

[Add Security and More to Your SAP Cloud SDK App](https://developers.sap.com/group.cloudsdk-more-features.html)

[Create a Neo App Using SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/group.s4sdk-neo.html)

[Create a Simple Cloud Foundry App Using SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/group.s4sdk-cloud-foundry.html)

> ### Tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tutorials quick links
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use links below to quickly access your favorite tutorial and refresh your knowledge.
```

[Consume Messages for Business Events from SAP S/4HANA Cloud](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-consuming-messages.html)

[Create a Sample Application on Cloud Foundry Using SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-cloud-foundry-sample-application.html)

[Create a Sample Application on SCP Neo Using SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-scp-neo-sample-application.html)

[Create Cloud Foundry App with Blockchain Features of SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/blockchain-sdk-sample.html)

[Extensibility, Type-Safe Expand, and Dependency Injection with the Virtual Data Model for OData](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/cloudsdk-extensibility-type-safe-expand.html)

[Introduce Caching to Your Application](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-caching.html)

[Introduce Resilience to your Application](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-resilience.html)

[Migrate an Existing Application to Version 3.0 of the Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-migration-v3.html)

[Secure Your Application on SAP Cloud Platform Cloud Foundry](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-secure-cloudfoundry.html)

> [Set Up Your Local Infrastructure to Develop with SAP Cloud SDK](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/s4sdk-setup.html)

Reviewer: I would prefer it as a list with subheadings from our tutorials portal as a description. It can be done later, but prefer to have it already.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10460752/83279445-669ea380-a1d5-11ea-92d7-b3c1ecc5bf16.png)
